c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\Vergic_fetch.exe.config
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\Vergic_fetch.exe
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\Vergic_fetch.pdb
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\obj\Release\Vergic_fetch.csproj.App.config
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\obj\Release\Vergic_fetch.exe
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\obj\Release\Vergic_fetch.pdb
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Data.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\steven.chong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\Vergic_fetch.exe.config
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\Vergic_fetch.exe
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\Vergic_fetch.pdb
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Data.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Xml.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\obj\Release\Vergic_fetch.csproj.App.config
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\obj\Release\Vergic_fetch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\obj\Release\Vergic_fetch.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\obj\Release\Vergic_fetch.exe
D:\Vergic_fetch_SourceCode\Vergic_fetch\Vergic_fetch\obj\Release\Vergic_fetch.pdb
